The Classic Reference Edition, English Standard Version® (ESV®)
Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles,
a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers
All rights reserved.

The Holy Bible, English Standard Version
Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles,
a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers
All rights reserved.

ESV® Text Edition® (2016)

Book Introductions, Center-Column Cross-Reference System (as adapted), and ESV Concordance, copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. The ESV Cross-Reference System is adapted from the original English Revised Version cross-reference system.

The ESV text may be quoted (in written, visual, or electronic form) up to and inclusive of one thousand (1,000) verses without express written permission of the publisher, providing that the verses quoted do not amount to a complete book of the Bible nor do the verses quoted account for 50 percent or more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted.

The ESV text may be quoted for audio use (audio cassettes, CDs, audio television) up to two hundred fifty (250) verses without express written permission of the publisher providing that the verses quoted do not amount to a complete book of the Bible nor do the verses quoted account for 50 percent or more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted.

Notice of copyright must appear as follows on the title page or copyright page of printed works quoting from the ESV, or in a corresponding location when the ESV is quoted in other media:

    “Scripture quotations are from The Holy Bible, English Standard Version®, copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved.”

When more than one translation is quoted in printed works or other media, the foregoing notice of copyright should begin as follows:

    “Unless otherwise indicated, all Scripture quotations are from … [etc.]”; or, “Scripture quotations marked (ESV) are from … [etc.].”

The “ESV” and “English Standard Version” are registered trademarks of Good News Publishers. Use of either trademark requires the permission of Good News Publishers.

When quotations from the ESV text are used in non-saleable media, such as church bulletins, orders of service, posters, transparencies, or similar media, a complete copyright notice is not required, but the initials (ESV) must appear at the end of the quotation.

Publication of any commentary or other Bible reference work produced for commercial sale that uses the English Standard Version must include written permission for use of the ESV text.

Permission requests that exceed the above guidelines must be directed to Good News Publishers, Attn: Bible Rights, 1300 Crescent Street, Wheaton, IL 60187, USA.

Permission requests for use within the UK and EU that exceed the above guidelines must be directed to: HarperCollins Religious, 77–85 Fulham Palace Road, Hammersmith, London W6 8JB, England.

The Holy Bible, English Standard Version (ESV) is adapted from the Revised Standard Version of the Bible, copyright Division of Christian Education of the National Council of the Churches of Christ in the U.S.A. All rights reserved.

Library of Congress Catalog Number 2001004285

Published by Good News Publishers
Wheaton, Illinois 60187, U.S.A.
www.GoodNewsPublishers.org

Good News Publishers (including Crossway Bibles) is a not-for-profit publishing ministry that exists solely for the purpose of publishing the Good News of the Gospel and the Truth of God’s Word, the Bible. A portion of the purchase price of every ESV Bible is donated to The Standard Bible Society to help support the distribution of the ESV Bible around the world.




Exported from Logos Bible Software, 9:48 AM August 8, 2019.

