Holman Christian Standard Bible® and HCSB®

The text of the Holman Christian Standard Bible may be quoted in any form
(written, visual, electronic, or audio) up to and inclusive of two hundred
fifty (250) verses without the written permission of the publisher, provided
that the verses quoted do not account for more than 20 percent of the work in
which they are quoted, and provided that a complete book of the Bible is not
quoted.

1. When the HCSB is quoted, one of the following credit lines must appear on
the copyright page or title page of the work:

  Scripture quotations marked HCSB are taken from the Holman Christian
  Standard Bible®, Copyright © 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2009 by Holman Bible
  Publishers. Used by permission. Holman Christian Standard Bible®, Holman
  CSB®, and HCSB® are federally registered trademarks of Holman Bible
  Publishers.

  Unless otherwise noted, all Scripture quotations are taken from the Holman
  Christian Standard Bible®, Copyright © 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2009 by
  Holman Bible Publishers. Used by permission. Holman Christian Standard
  Bible®, HCSB®, and Holman CSB® are federally registered trademarks of Holman
  Bible Publishers.

2. As a general rule, follow the naming standards set by B & H Publishing
Group when referring to the translation. The preferred form for most uses is
HCSB. Use the Abbreviation HCSB when indicating Scripture references.

3. The Abbreviation HCSB is to be used when citing Scripture references. In
products where the Holman Christian Standard Bible is the primary translation,
use of the Abbreviation HCSB is not needed in the reference. The format for
Scripture references in general text is:

  Products with multiple translations:

    “After looking around at them all, He told him, ‘Stretch out your hand.’
    He did so, and his hand was restored” (Lk 6:10, HCSB).

  Products with the HCSB as the only or primary translation:

    “After looking around at them all, He told him, ‘Stretch out your hand.’
    He did so, and his hand was restored” (Lk 6:10).


4. Use of the registered trademark symbol ® in running text or with Scripture
references is not necessary when the symbol appears in the masthead, copyright
page, or title page information.

5. Use of the registered trademark symbol ® is only necessary on the first
mention of the Holman Christian Standard Bible or HCSB in promotional copy
(ads, brochures, catalogs, flyers, posters, etc.) or other running text
separate from a product.



Exported from Logos Bible Software, 10:13 AM August 8, 2019.

