The LEXHAM ENGLISH BIBLE

FOURTH EDITION

Editors
W. Hall Harris III
Elliot Ritzema
Rick Brannan
Douglas Mangum
John Dunham
Jeffrey A. Reimer
Micah Wierenga

Translators
W. Hall Harris III
Michael S. Heiser
Jeremy Penner
David M. Fouts
Eugene E. Carpenter
Gordon H. Johnston
H. Daniel Zacharias
William D. Barrick
Michael A. Grisanti
Chip McDaniel
Israel Loken
Ken M. Penner
Dorian G. Coover-Cox
Amy L. Balogh

Lexham Press, 2013


The Lexham English Bible, Fourth Edition
Copyright 2010, 2012, 2013 Lexham Press
Lexham Press, 1313 Commercial St., Bellingham, WA 98225
http://www.lexhampress.com

LICENSE

You can give away the Lexham English Bible, but you can’t sell it on its own. If the LEB comprises less than 25% of the content of a larger work, you can sell it as part of that work.

If you give away the LEB for use with a commercial product, or sell a work containing more than 1,000 verses from the LEB, you must annually report the number of units sold, distributed, and/or downloaded.

You must always attribute quotations of the LEB.

If you quote less than 100 verses of the LEB in a single work you can attribute it by simply adding (LEB) after the quotation. Longer quotations, or use of 100 or more verses in a single work, must be accompanied by the following statement:

  Scripture quotations marked (LEB) are from the Lexham English Bible. Copyright 2013 Lexham Press. Lexham Press is a registered trademark of Faithlife Corporation.

In electronic use, link “LEB” and “Lexham English Bible” to http://lexhamenglishbible.com, and “Lexham Press” to http://lexhampress.com. If all quotations are unmarked and from the LEB, you may remove “marked (LEB) are” from the statement.

In support of non-English Bible translation, non-profit organizations may use 50% as the maximum portion the LEB may comprise of a work offered for sale. (This specifically allows the creation and commercial sale of diglot Bibles.)


TRADEMARKS

Lexham is a registered trademark of Logos Bible Software. You may use LEB or Lexham English Bible to refer to the Lexham English Bible, but may not use the Lexham trademark as any part of the name of a larger work quoting or containing it.



Exported from Logos Bible Software, 9:51 AM August 8, 2019.

