The NET Bible® First Edition

A New Approach to Translation,
Thoroughly Documented
With 60,932 Notes
By The Translators and Editors

Copyright © 1996–2005

All Rights Reserved
version 5.1101
by Biblical Studies Press, L.L.C.
Internet: www.bible.org
Toll Free in USA: 888-997-6884

For usage information, please read the NET
Copyright statement for fair use statements

The Names:

The NET Bible, New English Translation

Copyright © 1996 by Biblical Studies Press, L.L.C. NET Bible Is A Registered
Trademark

The NET Bible Logo, Service Mark
Copyright © 1997 by Biblical Studies Press, L.L.C.
All Rights Reserved

Satellite imagery Copyright © Røhr Productions LTD.
and Centre National d’Études Spatiales
Photographs Copyright © Røhr Productions LTD.

Electronic access to the NET Bible:
The NET Bible is available for use on the internet at:
www.netbible.com

The NET Bible is not a shareware program or public domain document and may not
be duplicated without permission, however:

From our website at www.netbible.com, you may download the NET Bible and print
it for others as long as you give it away and do not charge for it. In this
case, free means free. It cannot be bundled with anything sold, nor can you
charge for shipping, handling, or anything. It is provided for personal study
or for use in preparation of sermons, Sunday school classes, or other
noncommercial study. This release is also available to organizations like the
Gideons, who may distribute millions of copies of the NET Bible text without
royalty. This release does not apply to media other than paper. For free
distribution of more than 1000 paper copies (or distribution in any other
form, e.g. electronic), you must obtain written permission and comply with our
guidelines for content control and include currently valid BSP copyright and
organizational acknowledgments.

For permission, inquire by e-mail to permissions@netbible.com or call
888-997-6884. You may not download the information and reprint any of it for
commercial publication, except that the NET Bible verses may be quoted in any
form (written, visual, electronic, or audio) up to and inclusive of five
hundred (500) verses or less without written permission, providing the verses
quoted do not amount to a complete book of the Bible, do not comprise 25% or
more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted, and the verses
are not being quoted in a commentary or other biblical reference work. This
permission is contingent upon an appropriate copyright acknowledgment. An
appropriate copyright acknowledgment is shown below:

Scripture quoted by permission.
Quotations designated (NET) are from
The NET Bible®
Copyright © 2005 by Biblical Studies Press, L.L.C.
www.netbible.com
All rights reserved



Exported from Logos Bible Software, 9:54 AM August 8, 2019.

